Update Fundamental Styles in Luigi Core to v0.20.0 (#2584)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

### columns
- **type**: number

> - **description**: gives the possibility to define a number of columns to be displayed within the product switcher. It may be 3 or 4 columns or `'auto'`. If nothing is specified, it is 4 columns by default. Parameter `columns: 'auto'` sets the number of columns to 3, if the entitites amount  **productSwitcher** equal or less than 6. If it will be more than 6, the number of columns will be automatically adjusted to 4. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: gives the possibility to define a number of columns to be displayed within the product switcher. It may be 3 or 4 columns, or `'auto'`. If nothing is specified, it is 4 columns by default. Parameter `columns: 'auto'` sets the number of columns to 3, in case the entities in  **productSwitcher** are equal to or less than 6. If there are more than 6, the number of columns will be automatically adjusted to 4. 
```
